IcebergQueryRunner data directory fix (#22937)
prestodb/presto: presto-native-execution/README.md

* `mvn clean install -DskipTests -T1C -pl -presto-docs`

Run IntelliJ IDEA:

> For Running HiveExternalWorkerQueryRunner,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run HiveExternalWorkerQueryRunner,
```
Suggestion for consistency with the rest of the steps.

* Edit/Create `HiveExternalWorkerQueryRunner` Application Run/Debug Configuration (alter paths accordingly).
  * Main class: `com.facebook.presto.nativeworker.HiveExternalWorkerQueryRunner`.
  * VM options: `-ea -Xmx5G -XX:+ExitOnOutOfMemoryError -Duser.timezone=America/Bahia_Banderas -Dhive.security=legacy`.
  * Working directory: `$MODULE_DIR$`
  * Environment variables: `PRESTO_SERVER=/Users/<user>/git/presto/presto-native-execution/cmake-build-debug/presto_cpp/main/presto_server;DATA_DIR=/Users/<user>/Desktop/data;WORKER_COUNT=0`
  * Use classpath of module: choose `presto-native-execution` module.

> For Running IcebergExternalWorkerQueryRunner,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run IcebergExternalWorkerQueryRunner,
```
Suggestion for consistency.

* Edit/Create `IcebergExternalWorkerQueryRunner` Application Run/Debug Configuration (alter paths accordingly).
  * Main class: `com.facebook.presto.nativeworker.IcebergExternalWorkerQueryRunner`.
  * VM options: `-ea -Xmx5G -XX:+ExitOnOutOfMemoryError -Duser.timezone=America/Bahia_Banderas -Dhive.security=legacy`.
  * Working directory: `$MODULE_DIR$`
  * Environment variables: `PRESTO_SERVER=/Users/<user>/git/presto/presto-native-execution/cmake-build-debug/presto_cpp/main/presto_server;DATA_DIR=/Users/<user>/Desktop/data;WORKER_COUNT=0`
    * When `addStorageFormatToPath = false` **(Default)**
      `$DATA_DIR/iceberg_data/<catalog_type>` Here `catalog_type` could be `HIVE | HADOOP | NESSIE | REST`
    * When `addStorageFormatToPath = true`
      `$DATA_DIR/iceberg_data/<file_format>/<catalog_type>` Here `file_format` could be `PARQUET | ORC | AVRO`
       And `catalog_type` could be `HIVE | HADOOP | NESSIE | REST`

>   * Use classpath of module: choose `presto-native-execution` module.

Reviewer 2: Could you please add a note why addStorageFormatToPath is set to false by default?

### Run Presto Coordinator + Worker
* Note that everything below can be done w/o using IDEs by running command line commands (not in this readme).

> * Run 'HiveExternalWorkerQueryRunner' from IntelliJ and wait until it started (`======== SERVER STARTED ========` in the log output).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run `HiveExternalWorkerQueryRunner` from IntelliJ and wait until it starts (`======== SERVER STARTED ========` is displayed in the log output).
```
Nit formatting suggestion, and a rephrasing suggestion that has nothing to do with your change.

### Run Presto Coordinator + Worker

> * Note that everything below can be done w/o using IDEs by running command line commands (not in this readme).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note that everything below can be done without using IDEs by running command line commands (not in this readme).
```

> * Run ExternalWorkerQueryRunner as per your choice,

Reviewer 2: There is no ExternalWorkerQueryRunner class. Maybe just use plain English words?
